README.md, before:

# FasterTitanium: Accelerate Titanium development
[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/CureApp/faster-titanium.svg?style=svg&circle-token=659aabd19fe243737c97ddcd9d39f4b509ef34f1)](https://circleci.com/gh/CureApp/faster-titanium)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/faster-titanium.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/faster-titanium)


```bash
ti build -p ios --faster
```
Live a happier Titanium life!

![demo](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/demo.gif)

## Feature
- immediate reload on file changed
- both Alloy|non-Alloy support
- stable, robust connection
- no trouble with `require`
- native module support
- web UI support
- readable, well-documented code written in ES6+ JavaScript

## Installation

```
$ npm install -g faster-titanium
```

That's all.

Note that your Node.js has to be greater than v0.12.



## Usage

Run `ti build` with `--faster` option.

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster
```

That's all.

### debug mode

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster --ft-debug
```
Debug mode shows more logs in Titanium. You can switch this option later via web UI.

If you want to show server debug log, try
```bash
DEBUG=faster-titanium:* ti build -p ios --faster
```

### Change port number of the web server

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster --ft-port 3000
```


### Web UI
![web-ui](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/web-ui.png)

Access to the URL: [http://localhost:4157](http://localhost:4157)

#### Connection state
It shows the state of current connection with Titanium app.

#### Reload button
`Reload App` button can reload Titanium app


#### Change loading style
Clicking `Value` column of `loading style` enable you to select loading style.

- **auto-reload**: App will reload everytime a file changes.
- **auto-reflect**: Everytime a file changes, app clear the module cache and try to fetch new js file in `require()`.
- **manual**: Do nothing.

Default value is `auto-reload`.


#### logging options
- debug log: show/hide FasterTitanium debug log
- server log: show/hide Titanium log to server console
- titanium log: show/hide Titanium log to Titanium console


### CLI

`faster-ti` command is available.

#### Check --faster flag is installed correctly

```bash
faster-ti installed
```

#### (Re-)install --faster flag

```bash
faster-ti install
```

#### Restart the server
If ti process is killed, FasterTitanium server is also killed.
You can restart FasterTitanium server by the following command.

```bash
faster-ti restart -f <port number1> -n <port number2> -p <platform name> -t <acceess token> [project dir]
```
Too many options? No problem.

When you terminate the ti process, the exact restart command will be shown in stdout at the end of process.
![restart-cli](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/restart-cli.png)

Just copy and paste the line and you can restart the server!

![restart-cli-result](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/restart-cli-result.png)



#### Uninstall --faster flag

```bash
faster-ti uninstall
```

Uninstalling FasterTitanium itself is

```bash
npm uninstall -g faster-titanium
```


## LICENSE
MIT

Commit message:

Update README.md for install with sudo

README.md, after:

# FasterTitanium: Accelerate Titanium development
[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/CureApp/faster-titanium.svg?style=svg&circle-token=659aabd19fe243737c97ddcd9d39f4b509ef34f1)](https://circleci.com/gh/CureApp/faster-titanium)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/faster-titanium.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/faster-titanium)


```bash
ti build -p ios --faster
```
Live a happier Titanium life!

![demo](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/demo.gif)

## Feature
- immediate reload on file changed
- both Alloy|non-Alloy support
- stable, robust connection
- no trouble with `require`
- native module support
- web UI support
- readable, well-documented code written in ES6+ JavaScript

## Installation

```
$ npm install -g faster-titanium
```

If you install with `sudo` and get the error `Unable to write config file...` use the following command: 

```
$ npm install -g faster-titanium --unsafe-perm
```

That's all.

Note that your Node.js has to be greater than v0.12.



## Usage

Run `ti build` with `--faster` option.

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster
```

That's all.

### debug mode

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster --ft-debug
```
Debug mode shows more logs in Titanium. You can switch this option later via web UI.

If you want to show server debug log, try
```bash
DEBUG=faster-titanium:* ti build -p ios --faster
```

### Change port number of the web server

```bash
ti build -p ios --faster --ft-port 3000
```


### Web UI
![web-ui](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/web-ui.png)

Access to the URL: [http://localhost:4157](http://localhost:4157)

#### Connection state
It shows the state of current connection with Titanium app.

#### Reload button
`Reload App` button can reload Titanium app


#### Change loading style
Clicking `Value` column of `loading style` enable you to select loading style.

- **auto-reload**: App will reload everytime a file changes.
- **auto-reflect**: Everytime a file changes, app clear the module cache and try to fetch new js file in `require()`.
- **manual**: Do nothing.

Default value is `auto-reload`.


#### logging options
- debug log: show/hide FasterTitanium debug log
- server log: show/hide Titanium log to server console
- titanium log: show/hide Titanium log to Titanium console


### CLI

`faster-ti` command is available.

#### Check --faster flag is installed correctly

```bash
faster-ti installed
```

#### (Re-)install --faster flag

```bash
faster-ti install
```

#### Restart the server
If ti process is killed, FasterTitanium server is also killed.
You can restart FasterTitanium server by the following command.

```bash
faster-ti restart -f <port number1> -n <port number2> -p <platform name> -t <acceess token> [project dir]
```
Too many options? No problem.

When you terminate the ti process, the exact restart command will be shown in stdout at the end of process.
![restart-cli](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/restart-cli.png)

Just copy and paste the line and you can restart the server!

![restart-cli-result](https://cureapp.github.io/faster-titanium/restart-cli-result.png)



#### Uninstall --faster flag

```bash
faster-ti uninstall
```

Uninstalling FasterTitanium itself is

```bash
npm uninstall -g faster-titanium
```


## LICENSE
MIT
